Next on PIJN News, Dr. Chaps reports on these important issues.
Secretary of War, Pete Haggseth continues to lead worship services at the Pentagon, the latest with Franklin Graham for Christmas.
We interview Major David Noldy, who is now leading God's army ministry to pray for Secretary Haggseth.
Former Navy chaplain, Gordon James Klingenschmitt, took a stand to defend religious freedom by daring to pray publicly.
In Jesus' name,
Now he helps you by reporting the news, discerning the spirits, and praying the scriptures.
Would you pray with us?
Here's Dr. Chaps.
God bless you in Jesus' name.
My name is Chaplain Gordon James Kligenschmitt, Dr. Chaps, and you're watching PIJN News.
On this show, we'd like to do three things.
We report the news, we discern the spirits, and we pray the scriptures in Jesus' name.
Are you ready to pray the news with us?
Here's our first story.
Secretary of War, Pete Haggseth, in the Trump administration, has been overtly Christian about his faith.
And he has given videos we're going to show tomorrow about defending chaplains and the military chaplains right to express their spirituality at work.
He is also personally helping to lead worship services at the Pentagon on multiple occasions, the latest of which has been at
The Pentagon with Franklin Graham, the son of legendary evangelist Billy Graham, who held a Christmas worship service honoring Jesus Christ as Jesus' birth was memorialized.
I'm going to read the report from war.gov.
This is the government report about that event.
Days after vowing to empower military chaplains, Secretary of War, Pete Hayseth, celebrated Jesus Christ
at a pre-Christmas worship event at the Pentagon.
The Secretary and his wife Jennifer hosted the Reverend Franklin Graham, President and CEO of Samaritan's Purse, a humanitarian aid charity, along with prominent Christian music artist Matthew Weston and Wilson for an afternoon Christmas worship service.
Hundreds of War Department employees, both military and civilian, gathered in the Pentagon courtyard
to attend the event.
The Secretary's arrival at the event was delayed until the very end because he had been at that same day attending services at Dover Air Force Base Delaware alongside President Trump to participate in the dignified transfer of American remains.
That is two service members and one American civilian who had been killed earlier that week in Syria
Those fallen Americans are Army Surgeons William Howard and Edgar Torres Tovar, both part of the Iowa Army National Guard.
And Ayad Mansoor Sakat, who was working as an interpreter.
Secretary Haggseth himself said the following, quote, they served our nation.
They put the on the cloth of our uniform, served all of us.
We're honored together on their behalf.
to remember them and their families and all those around the world this Christmas season."
The importance of the prayer service mirrors that of early Americans.
In particular, George Washington, who said, like Pete Hegse, Washington himself was also religious.
And the secretary honored him saying, quote, I want to say thank you to all for sharing in this first Christmas worship service here at the Pentagon.
It's the least we could do in this season.
We do it monthly as well, a prayer service, which we will continue to do because as George Washington did that first year, he went on bended knee for providence in impossible tasks.
Looking out across the audience of hundreds of men and women, he said, you each day are asked to do impossible things, work impossible hours at impossible odds, which mere men and women could not do.
That's why we bend the knee because we know where our strength comes from and we need that wisdom and guidance, that providential guidance in our own lives as we try to act on behalf of the nation.
End quote.
And that's the news.
Our thanks to war.gov for that press release.
What a breath of fresh air.
Secretary Higgs Seth, again, we'll show this on tomorrow's show.
specifically just opened the door for chaplains to express their religious beliefs.
Like that's been all shelved for since 20 years ago when I was a Navy chaplain, right?
They've been politically correct.
They've been secularized.
But now even the chaplains are allowed to worship publicly a crime for which I was punished in 2006.
So everything has come full circle.
Secretary Higgs says, sir, we discern upon you the spirit of Almighty God.
Because you honor this scripture, you enact this with your lifestyle, Romans 1, 16, for I am not ashamed of the gospel of Jesus Christ, for it is the power of God to salvation for everyone who believes for the Jew first and also for the Greek.
That's the news.
Okay.
Let's take a short break.
When we come back, we're going to view David Noldy, who knows Pete Haggseth, and he's starting a new ministry called God's Army Ministry in order to pray for the Secretary of War after this.
I'm Dr. Chaps.
You know, Jesus taught the parable about sowing the seed and
You don't want to waste it.
You want it to grow with 30, 60, 100-fold for the kingdom of Jesus Christ.
I'll tell you three mission areas that we're doing here at Pray in Jesus' Name.
I think our charity does more with less than any other charity I know.
We are fertile seed.
For example, number one, we pray in millions of television homes every day or every weekend on eight networks.
We have 2.5 billion
home TV impressions every month.
The second area, we feed orphans and children.
In some of the poorest slums overseas, we're building a new vocational school, we're digging wells, and we're serving the poor when you give to pray in Jesus' name.
Number three, we defend religious freedom.
Especially for our troops and our chaplains, we've now helped send five million petitions to Congress.
We've helped change bad laws or policies in 13 states and four times in federal law,
You know my story as a former Navy chaplain standing up for the right to pray in Jesus' name and defending religious freedom.
Would you donate today?
In fact, we want you to come up monthly pledge sponsor.
When you visit PrayInJesusName.org, on the right side, click the monthly pledge sponsor button at PrayInJesusName.org.
Your monthly gift will help change the world in Jesus' name.
They told me, don't give away the store, Dr. Chaps.
No, I'm giving away the store.
Today we're going to show you how to get $500 worth of our teaching videos normally sold on DVD for $500, instead just $10 a month online.
We have a new feature on our website, PrayInJesusName.org, called the Persuaders Club.
It's based on 10 Corinthians 5, knowing they're for the terror of the Lord, we persuade men.
You can join the Persuaders Club today at three different levels.
For four bucks a month, as a regular sponsor, you get secret back-end news access to the videos that are too hot for YouTube.
For $10 a month or $9.99, we're gonna give you all of our teaching series, the discerning of spirits, the coming apocalypse.
10 different teaching series normally sells for $500 just $10 a month when you join at the premium level.
Or for a one-time donation of $1,000, you can have a lifetime exit.
Join the Persuaders Club today, visit prayinjesusname.org.
Do you need a physical or spiritual healing?
Are you being tested or tried?
When Jesus needed to pray, he went to the garden of Gethsemane.
Do you need to really connect with God?
If you're visiting Colorado Springs, come see the Gateway Prayer Garden just south of the city along Interstate 25.
Walk our prayer trails among the trees by the beautiful found creek.
Stand to the foot of our large cross and connect with Jesus
Enter our life-size replica of the empty tomb and spend time reading key Bible verses etched in stone along our ground cross as big as a football field.
Join our worship gatherings and plan to attend our annual Easter Sunrise Worship Service.
We're located off I-25 Exit 132-A at 8-0-3-5 Bandley Road, just north of the KOA campground.
Experience Jesus at gatewaypreyergarden.org.
That's gatewaypreyergarden.org.
exposing the fruitless deeds of darkness.
Here's Dr. Chaps.
Welcome back.
I'm Dr. Chaps.
We're joined now by Microsoft Teams video from Houston, Texas with a new friend, David Nolde, is a former US Army major and a personal acquaintance of Pete Haggseth.
And he has also started a prayer ministry called God's Army Ministry.
Welcome to the program, David Nolde.
How are you today, sir?
I'm doing fantastic and Happy New Year to you, Chaplain and all of God's people.
Praise the Lord.
Can you describe your service in the U.S. Army?
I was actually, my father was the last American soldier killed in the Vietnam War, Colonel William Benedict Noldi.
He was killed two and a half hours for the ceasefire ended.
And so I was ingrained in my heart to serve my country.
He actually, my family, when I was 12 years old,
His coffin was picked up by the president's plane in Michigan.
We flew to Arlington.
He was buried in Arlington, went to the White House for a ceremony with President Nixon.
So that kind of started me down that path in my heart to serve.
And I ended up graduating from the ROTC program at CMU, and then went on to join the military after finishing my master's on a full-time basis.
My first assignment right out of the shoot didn't realize it at the time, but it was a part of what God was doing ordering my steps.
I was the intelligence officer for a sensitive compartment information facility at the command and general staff college.
I met Colonel White who went on to be the regimental commander for the 11th ACR.
He took me under his wing and I kind of followed him all over the world as his intel officer through my career.
The pinnacle of it was the assistant regimental intelligence officer for the 11th ACR in the full of the gap, 85 to 88.
And then when I had to be selected for the Postgraduate Intelligence Program, which is the top 3% of officers in the United States Army and went to that school and was very much enjoying a great career in the military.
Yes, sir.
Well, thank you for your military service and thank you for your father's sacrifice.
Having been the last veteran killed in the Vietnam War, that must have impacted you as a child too.
I don't know how old you were or how did your mother
Uh, encourage you after that.
My mom was a great woman.
She, uh, she was a believer that my dad had this was his third tour in Vietnam.
She believed that he was chosen because he was an incredible officer, a family man, a believer and, and God.
And at that time, the country was very much divided over the Vietnam war and he was somebody that the country could focus on, um, in a way that was, uh, positive.
And so,
She was a uniner, a person that believed in how the press will go after trying to find a negative crack.
And she just refused to do that year after year.
She's been a supporter and was a supporter of veterans and people that, soldiers don't pick wars that they fight in.
They fight in these wars as a result of politicians' decisions, good matter and different.
And my dad was just a great father, husband, and soldier, yes, sir.
Can you describe your acquaintance with our new Secretary of War, Pete Haggseth?
And why have you formed a prayer ministry to start to support him?
I met him in Houston, Texas at an event.
And I ended up spending some time with him.
And then through the course of that meeting, I don't want to overstate my relationship with him.
I kept in contact with him through prayer and messaging.
And then of course,
I started writing a book called Outside and Inside of Life.
And after reading his book, The War on Lawyers, part of what I started to discuss with him was some advice on how to get that book published.
Since he's become Secretary of Defense, I've tried to respect his space, settling into his job.
But one thing that became immediately apparent to me is, you know, the dynamic forces, you know, you're doing something right when they come after you and they threaten you when you're chosen.
People try to refer to him as a broadcaster from Fox News, but this guy is a combat former major, U.S. Army.
He has done tremendous shows on Fox Nation on the journey of Jesus Christ to different military shows.
And he served his country in combat with a bronze star.
So this gentleman is not a news reporter.
He's an American hero.
And the time for changing the culture and the military
had come to a head.
As you well know, the culture was becoming very social list, wokeism, and he stood up to change that culture and forced the legacy media and people that have been ingrained in what I would call the deep state, not only in the government, but the military, certainly felt very threatened by him.
And I have a lot of admiration and prayers for him every day.
And I hope all your viewers can join in prayer with Pete
and his chosen purpose as he's attacked.
And daily we pray for his calling.
Secretary Higgsoth has been very overt about his faith in Jesus Christ.
He led a worship service several actually in the Pentagon, the latest with Franklin Graham, who came in to lead a Christmas worship service.
And in a recent speech, Pete Higgsoth said that chaplains are under fire.
and that his job as Secretary of War is to defend military chaplains and make the Chaplain Corps great again.
What do you think about that?
Well, I'll tell you, if I was younger, I'd be joining the Chaplain Corps under this man, because I think you would agree that, you know, you can't change an organization unless you start changing the culture.
And what better place to start getting into the hearts and minds of our soldiers and the Chaplain Corps?
It became not a chaplain for, but it became an organization that was a social organization.
So I'm not being hard on or judgmental.
I'm just saying that he's making decisions.
All his foundational, if you look at what he's doing as secretary of what was defense now, secretary of war, which by the way, I agree with the name change, were warriors.
But the bottom line is his foundational aspects of looking at whether it's general officers or right down to privates is to create
Spiritual warriors, you know, the title of his book is magnificent, The War on Warriors.
And that's what had been taking place under the Obama and Biden administrations.
And I voted just so you know, Chaplain, for Democrat presidents.
I voted for Republican presidents.
But I do believe that, that what we've gone through from a spiritual standpoint, the Democratic Party today is a lost party.
That's why their approval rating is 18%.
You know, if you look at set aside, even the politics of everything, look at, open up the Bible and ask yourself if you're a Democrat today, how you can be for abortion, open borders, you know, globalization, lost children along the border, standing up for legal immigrants.
You notice they dropped the word always illegal.
They talk about immigrants.
So not to get down a tangent, but Pete is fighting a war, a spiritual battle.
And I'm glad that you're a part of a chaplain.
That's all mine.
Great for him in that battle.
Not to mention the transgender movement, which headset is clearing out of the Pentagon.
Let's take a short break.
More with major David Moldy after this.
Welcome back.
I'm Dr. Chaps joined again by David Moldy, a former US.
This is PIJN News, defending your religious freedom.
Dr. Chaps will be right back.
I'm Dr. Chaps.
We want you to sign a petition today to stand with Israel.
They are under such attack with Arabs and Muslims killing Jews.
But here is the Bible territory that God promised to the Israeli and Jewish people.
Even in 1993, in the Oslo Accords, Yasser Arafat agreed.
These are the current borders of Israel and it's their land.
Let's sign that petition.
PrayinJesusName.org.
Again, prayinJesusName.org.
Sign it today.
How is your marriage doing?
Ladies, would you like to learn how to get your husband to love you the way Christ loves the church?
Men, would you like your wife to show proper respect?
You know, there's a Bible way to have a godly marriage.
I'm not saying I'm the expert, but we interview in a four-part video teaching series, a marriage and family ministry expert, Vince D'Acchioli.
And we go through the scriptures in four different parts.
Part one is God's design for man and woman.
Part two is godly roles for husband and wife.
Three is sex and intimacy within godly marriage.
And also God's plan for divorce.
You want to have this important four-part video series available for a suggested donation of $30 if you call our toll-free prayer line at 866-Obey-God.
Again, that's 866-O-B-E-Y-G-O-D or visit our website, PrayInJesusName.org.
This book outlines 30 proven strategies for making changes in the world for good and not evil.
Dr. Klingschmidt's personal story and the success stories of 15 other patriots who created real change will inspire you and give you hope for a better future.
You too can be a world changer.
Order your copy of how to liberate the world today and we will include Dr. Klingschmidt's DVD set, How to Become an Effective Christian Activist.
Dr. Klingschmidt also wants to send you a commemorative prayer coin with the image of our president to remind you to keep him and our country in your prayers.
To take advantage of this special TV offer, call the number on your screen or go online to PrayInJesusName.org.
We're here in Israel in literally the scene of all of the holy sites like the Via Dolorosa where Jesus carried his cross.
The garden tomb where he was raised from the dead, the sea of Galilee where he taught the disciples.
And I prayed, Lord, how can I bring this inspiring environment into your living room?
And what we've produced is a four DVD disc set with the entire Gospel of Matthew.
I teach every verse in all 28 chapters of Matthew in short, 12 minute segments so you can understand the exact words that Jesus taught from the exact location where Jesus lived.
Pick up the phone right now and call us at 866-ObeyGod.
Again, that's 866-O-B-E-Y-G-O-D. For a suggested donation of just $50, we'll give you all four discs, the entire Gospel of Matthew, or you can write to us at the address on your screen or visit our website, PrayInJesusName.org.
You're gonna love this Bible teaching.
Pick up the phone and call us today.
He is the intersection of church and state.
Here is Dr. Chaps.
Army major, who is engaged in a new ministry to pray specifically for Pete Haggseth, who is a friend.
And David has formed God's Army ministry.
That's a forthcoming website.
But David, tell us about God's Army ministry.
Well, I would tell you that it's an absolute, something that's been planted on my heart.
You know, and I keep referring, I've learned to be much more spiritually discerning and careful with my words.
So when I refer to this lady, Proverbs 31 woman, her name is Opal Handy, she has been an incredible influence on me.
And she actually, from attending the College of Biblical Studies to Dallas Theological Seminary, to even the name of my ministry has been a part of helping with that.
So the ministry is designed to bring people into a relationship with Jesus Christ.
and give my testimony, as you well know, it's not the brag or the boast, because my testimony has periods of darkness and light like everybody else's, but we're required by scripture to share our testimony.
So whether it's my military experience or relationship with God, Pete, my sons, my grandchildren, and this magnificent woman, it's to bring people into an understanding, to have conversations with people like yourself, Chaplain, that have the courage to stand up,
uh, to be within their own ministry within their heart.
So being a part of God's army, being on a, on a call with a man that was, you know, stood by his principles, put a uniform on in front of the White House because, uh, you were not going to be told you could not pray in public or in your uniform and to lose your retirement.
My understanding is that some other thing, I truly hope that through, uh, different relationships we all have that
But people like yourself can have that restored because of the stance you took and the attacks from the enemy that took those beautiful things away from a great man like yourself.
And they're trying to do it to Pete, by the way.
They're trying to do his job, as you well know.
You're very kind.
I want to get to the heart of your testimony because you describe yourself as a former Christmas and Easter worshipper, maybe twice a year, but something
powerful happened where you had an encounter with Jesus Christ and you were born again, can you lead our audience to understand that process?
Well, I would just say this that, you know, you can tell you actually get on your knees and you ask for forgiveness and you confess your sins and you surrender yourself to your Lord and Savior Jesus Christ.
You know, we all are, he's there.
He's been, he's next to you every step of the way.
but sometimes also it takes another person to nudge you in that direction.
That's why I have in a ministry like yourself, Chaplain, and what I'm doing now through this organization called God's Army Ministry.
This person is a person that's brought people to an understanding of the importance of opening your heart to Jesus.
So in my case, it certainly was me that had to take on and receive Jesus in my heart, but the ministry that I have,
now start a college, God's army ministry is to get back and do the same for others.
So my testimony is simply this, that if you're out there listening to this show today, whether you're struggling with a decision within your family, your marriage, drugs, alcohol, power, money, get into a relationship with Jesus and you do that through prayer and supplication, you do that through understanding that he will come into your life through the Holy Spirit that lives in all of our hearts,
but you have got to understand that you cannot fool God.
He knows where you're at, what you're thinking before you were born, and he knows the beginning and the end.
So surround yourself with iron sharpens iron, surround yourself with other people that are in your own spiritual army, provide that hedge of protection for your family, your children, your grandchildren, but then go out and reach into other people's hearts.
like you do, Chaplain, with this show.
Amen.
And stand up for God's kingdom.
Hey, David, we have just one minute left, but would you lead our audience in a word of prayer?
Yes, sir.
I would be honored to do that.
Lord Jesus, as we do this and finish up this conversation today, Proverbs three, five says, trust in the Lord with all your heart and lean not on your understanding, but abide by Him in all your ways and He'll make your path straight.
Also, I ask God's people to sometimes Psalms 46, 10 says, be still and know that I am God.
As we pray for Pete, Hex Beth, and we pray for our president in this magnificent cabinet that we're handed a mess, an open border, lost 300,000 lost children along the border, 20, 30 million people in this country that were in this country for not because they love the country or in God we trust, but for other reasons.
So continue to bring on to our hearts, God's people that are listening to this, to join your spiritual army that's within your heart and support our secretary of war, our president, and this great chaplain on this call, in Jesus' name, Amen.
Amen.
David, I want to honor you, you're a successful former military officer, US Army major, also a successful businessman,
But now you're entering the third stage of your calling as a seminary student at Dallas Theological, you're entering into full-time ministry.
David has started God's Army Ministry to raise up 10,000 warriors who will pray for our Secretary of War, Pete Haggseth.
Please join in prayer for Pete and David, thank you for coming on the program.
Our website is PrayInJesusName.org.
You can contact David by contacting us
through our website, PrayInJesusName.org.
Please donate today.
This is a viewer sponsored show.
We need your donations for the new year.
If you want to prayer or if you just prayed with us, call right now at 866-ObeyGod.
That's 866-O-B-E-Y-G-O-D. We'll see you next time.
Dr. Chaps need your financial support to stay on the air.
Would you please send your best financial donation today?
Please visit PrayInJesusName.org to donate online.
Or you can mail a check to PrayInJesusName Ministries, post office box 77077, Colorado Springs, Colorado 80970.
You can also call us toll free right now, 866-ObeyGod.
That's 866-O-B-E-Y-G-O-D.
Please sign up for our free emails at PrayInJesusName.org.
Again, that's PrayInJesusName.org.